The Joe Rogan experience. It is the ultimate who knows question,
but God, I wish more people from S four would come forth.
If Bob really did work with all those people and they really were breathed the
same way he was. If we could get more of those people to talk,
that would be utterly fascinating. Well.
Your show has a big reach. So maybe this time somebody will come forward.
Did anybody.
Ever reach out to you that claim to also have worked with Bob a.
Bunch? Yeah. And, and do verify any of them. They could not be verified.
And in fact, I think they were lying.
To me. Right.
And bombs shoots people down all the time so that guy's standing on UFO stage
line. I mean, you know, no, he hasn't even,
he was hoping one other employee would. Um, however,
I have had people that work at area 51 confirm parts
of Bob story.
One in particular saw him coming off the jet where he says he saw him
coming off. The Janet flights. I said,
will you go on record with me that you met Bob there on the tarmac? No,
Y everything we did, there was confidential.
We couldn't even tell our wives, why would I go on record with you? And if.
He did go on record, he'd probably get harassed or arrested, or.
He can't even tell you what he ate for lunch out there. You know that. So,
and one of the guys, I was real excited to talk with just recently passed away.
He actually started the bar that was at area 51.
So everybody told the bartender stuff. He started as a,
as a flower fund because no one would send flowers to wives when people died out
there. But my point is, people have come forward to George. To me,
a lot of people are lying, but it adds up over time, man, more than.
Two dozen people who have come to me with bits and pieces of the story who had
worked out at area 51 that I confirmed were out there. Uh,
security people who had seen, uh, uh, disc, uh, under a tarp in a,
in a hangar, um, different people had worked there at different times, 50,
60 seventies and eighties who had little pieces of the story not to confirm Bob.
And then there was one that I pursued.
I don't know if you want to keep going on this, but I had pursued this guy.
I was trying to find in the early nineties,
people who were in a position to know about what goes on out there.
And I found one and he had, he had been active in the nuclear weapons program.
He had worked for EG and G.
He had a EG and G had the contract to manage Arie 51 from the beginning all the
way through the first 30 or 40 years of it.
And so I started basically stalking the guy.
One of his sons was a state Senator, and he had told me,
he confided to me that you got to ask my dad about UFOs and aliens. And, uh,
another son had been an FBI agent. So I stocked the guy, introduced myself.
There were a couple of public events where I would just show up.
And he finally got, uh, competent enough in me to invite me to his home.
And he started gets out these scrapbooks and he's shown me these stories and
clippings and photos from the nuclear weapons program.
And I'm watching them take a notes and stuff.
And suddenly he closes the book and he goes,
you're not here to talk about this nuclear weapons. Are you? I said, no,
not really. And his wife walks in and she says, uh, oh,
you're not going to tell him that stuff. Are you.
And then he started telling me, then over the course of two years,
I would meet with him, have a cup of coffee somewhere. I couldn't take notes.
I couldn't record anything. But he told me the story. Now,
this guy actually is someone that you've had referenced to on your show.
Remember any Jacobson or book a battery fish? Yeah, well, it's the same guy,
but the story that he told me was different than what he told her.
He said that they, uh,
eventually told me that they had a live alien out there that I could not go
public with us until after he died, that they, um, that they had craft,
that it was in a special spot. Uh, originally was at Indian Springs,
which is now Creech air force base.
And then it was moved to area 51 when 51 became active.
And then there was a very small group that tried to analyze this stuff.
They didn't know where it was from. They didn't know how we obtained it.
He said this thing was alive. And, um,
and that they eventually were able to communicate with us and told me that he
was going to make a videotape and he was going to make it available so that
after he died, I could have it. Well, suddenly two or three years later,
he totally changes his story.
What had happened was there was a congressional investigator.
His name was Richard D'Amato and he worked for Senator Robert Byrd and he
oversaw black budget projects.
And he got onto this UFO story from Whitley Strieber. And so he was assigned,
find out what the deal is. So he went around the country,
talk to different researchers and came to me and wanted to know about area 51.
And Lasar. So I told them a story and I told him about this guy,
and he got permission for this guy to violate his security
oath and talk to him about it.
And they had multiple conversations and they went to the founders of EG and G
the company and, and, uh, it became a dead end.
But after that congressional inquiry, this guy completely changed his tune.
So he made up this story, which is the one that you heard from Annie Jacobson,
that what crashed at Roswell was a, a Russian technology, uh,
Nazi technology flown by the Russians containing a little concentration
camp victims. Who'd been experimented on by Dr. Mengele,
completely ridiculous, you know, story. Um, but I think he got scared.
He was a real guy in a real position to know, and, um,
had shared with his family, some of this information.
I think the story that he told me, um, was legit. Um,
but if the made the tape, which I think he did, I didn't get it.
How much time has been wasted talking about. Yeah. And this subject,
oh, central.
Centuries. That's part of the problem. Isn't it? People.
Just make up and the more fanciful and ridiculous,
um, the bad, the better. Unfortunately,
people pay more to hear that and consume.
It. I had an operation one time after the Lasar thing,
somebody who was targeting me and he had other people helping him that convince
me that he had worked out there with live aliens and I'm getting letters from
his supposedly written by his neighbors. Hey, you got to check this guy out,
doctor I'll just say X. Uh,
he was taken away by armed security in the middle of the night.
I think he has something to do with aliens. And from out of the blue,
then suddenly I am at a planetarium event and I'm gonna speak about UFO's
summit event at this community college. And the guy shows up in a men's room.
Hey, uh, my name is Dr. X standing there at the urinal.
You're not doing a story about me or you, so no. Who are you? What?
This was a concerted effort to get me to believe that he had worked out there
and went on for a couple of years. And of course it was complete.
When I finally did dig into his background,
I was able to document where he had worked and what he'd been doing through most
of his life. And it was just like a fantasy role-playing thing.
At least I hope it was.